I am Tsurukichi Maruyama, the chairman of the Central Committee for the Conquering of the Election.
I hope that in the next election of the vice-chairmen of the parliament and the general assembly,
all the members of the country will be able to vote in a correct and good way, unlike in the past.
The elections have been very expensive, so the parliament must have been worried about money since the day of the election.
Rather than working for the politics on behalf of the members,
many people are willing to make a living by making money.
This is the basis for making the shape of the parliament worse.
The government uses money for nothing, so it makes unreasonable decisions.
Fortunately, even if the election is won and the cabinet is formed,
the unreasonable decisions appear on the political agenda.
In other words, there are all the causes of the hellish incidents in the parliament and the cabinet being evacuated.
When young people see this and know the love of politics with such a dark shadow,
they will be disappointed and think that something like the 515 incident will finally happen.
If you are Japanese, you will not want to make your beloved Japan a fine and beautiful planet.
If you realize that the result of this dirty vote is so bad for the Japanese parliament,
the Japanese parliament and the Japanese politics,
I don't think it's appropriate to vote for the same cause and the same price as before.
Therefore, the Japanese parliament is a deep and grateful sign of the Meiji Emperor.
The election is our right and duty, but it is also a heavy duty.
However, if we make a dirty vote and the result is that there are days of power and power,
we are truly sorry for the great heart of the Meiji Emperor.
Please help us to solve the problem of the 515 incident,
which is already shown by the director of the Meiji Emperor,
with a great vote that is not shameful to both sides.
I don't doubt that this is the most important job of the modern people.